Added GeyserFloatingPoints. (#6)
GeyserMC/GeyserExtensionList: README.md

  Creates a quick menu for easy access for Geyser features and command execution, even with Xbox Achievements turned on. 
- **GeyserConnect**: https://github.com/GeyserMC/GeyserConnect <br>
  Allows you to host a GeyserConnect instance to connect to any java server, with or without Geyser. Like Geyser Standalone on steroids.
- **GeyserFloatingPoints**: https://github.com/Oryxel/GeyserFloatingPoints <br>

>   An extension that added a hacky workaround to fix floating-point precision at large distance (bedrock distance effect).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An extension that adds a hacky workaround to fix floating-point precision at large distances (bedrock distance effect).
```
